For the role System i'd like to first split up the actual role selection system and the role specific abiltites.
This way we can make sure the menu itself works and then create special abilties specific to my gamemode after.

I've provided some extra images that i hope better visualise what i want changed and what im referring to below.

| Role System |

I'd like to be able to change the Team name to whatever i want.
Dom already does this with his system but he also automatically groups players up when they select a role within the menu which causes some issues with other mods i use.
So if you plan to use Dom's code on this please make sure that it wont group players up automatically in any way.

Just in case you are not certain what i mean by Team name i've linked an image below.

https://gyazo.com/89e5a4899e4d0c84690b90da14883bb9

See where it says Aegis? That is the Team Name.

---

https://gyazo.com/205adbe8fc3da510aaf6767e1d439104

See those soldier icons next to the names of each role?
Keep them the same way but i wanna clarify that those are fully customisable in Dom's version of the mod.
Make sure i can change those to whatever i want.

---

https://gyazo.com/8e489239d090268dbe2b97d9d60fe9e2

The ranks all the way to the right of each role should be the same as the icons on the left.
I should be able to customise them to whatever image i want is what im trying to say.

Dom's version lets you set their rank in the Config which also had an effect on the ingame.
To clarify this even more i dont want the Role system to have any effect ingame except for the role abilities and traits.

This means no rank changes no automatic grouping no Team name changes.
All of that is just visual within the menu.
( Of course abilities that we plan to add later will still apply when role is selected. )

In the screenshot the group name is "Aegis"
But this should customisable on its own as well.

Changing the group name in the list wont actually make any changes ingame except for visually within the menu.
Dom's group menu automatically groups players up when they select their role within the group menu. 
This causes some issues during gameplay that i would rather avoid.

---

Finally i'd like to have a number next ot the name of the roles which shows how many people have selected that role.
Something like this:

Squad Leader 0/1
Combat Medic 0/2

Number on the left increases with each player who picks said role.
Number on the right is the limit set in the config for that role.

And of course when the role slots have been filled they become grayed out.

Maybe add some tab that players can select to see who is playing what role?

---

Now to talk about the hud elements to the right.
I've linked a screenshot below of what you should mimic.

https://gyazo.com/fbe9d0e7ac8c8e330e38ba9c18483e83

Now there is a few changes i'd like to make.

Name should be displayed on the top with the description below.

Do not add the rank display.
Move the loadout display a little up around to where the rank display would have been.

As for the loadout display itself.
I'm gonna welcome any improvements you can make but i wont have any problems if it looks identical to the one in the image.

---

Hope i was clear enough in how i want the role menu to look like. 
I'll also mention that the Role specific abilities need to be a seperate mod that simply works together with the role selection.

If given permission i'd love to have this uploaded onto the workshop for people in the community to put to use should they need to.
But i dont want any customization made specifically for my group to be the default people start with.

We can discuss about that more once we get to that point.